Please make it clear
Make it clear
It's not because of Shen Zhenhua, an old pervert
What do you mean?
You think I'm having an affair with him
You are too insulting
Even if I have something to do with him
That's none of your business.
There's really no need for this company to stay any longer
Mom is about to faint
I'm taking her to the hospital now
Are you alone?
What about brother? He's on a business trip.
I'll be right there.
How is mom
What did the doctor say?
Same old thing.
Hypertension when angry
My body couldn't take it anymore, so I passed out.
Why is he angry?
Just about your divorce?
Sister, you are really
Why did you take the initiative to file for divorce?
He doesn't know why I got divorced.
Don't you know yet?
Sister, I'm all for your own good.
You drugged me
Let me sleep with a stranger
Just for me, okay?
It's clearly hurting me, it's not like that
I'm just worried about you being a widow
I can't see you being wronged
I'm just worried about you, I care about you, don't touch me
Mom hit me again
Stop! Who told you to touch her?